# TA Meeting 11.19.24 at 2:30pm

# REMINDERS

    # Last TA meeting today, we can optionally choose to meet week of project week if we want or need feedback.

    # Reminder to signup for presentation date on canvas calender

    # Reminder for extra credit, it is there, just need to submit before NOV 30 (deadline)
        # Have project complete and google form submitted, worth 10% extra credit

# Starting meeting ---

    # Agam started with presenting that him and Connor worked together. Initially started towards the end of last week,
    working on pulling a base encoding from the database. A lot of issues and attempts using different methods. They did get
    it working. Agam wrote a query to store it, but we just need to work on testin it and integrating it properly.
    
    # Going forward, work with Abhi to integrate and get it working with the database.

    # Connor went next, again working on the same thing together, ensuring proper outputs from the base64 file,
    files were tested on the command line, just need to store the database and give it to Abhi.

    # Abhi focused on the visualizer. Getting fetch functionality working, so we could get audio to the database.
        # Going forward continuing to work on the integration.

    # Reccomendation, treating base64 as a mp3.

    # Alyssa and Hunter worked on frontend, working on navbar and design issues, working on theme, and register and login complete.
    # We are planning to continue working on logout, visulizer, and library after full integration

# Feedback
    # We are close to deadline, won't be able to meet up and get feedback but we can get in contact if necessary since the deadline is coming.

    # Presenting likely on Thursday (from break).

    # Getting integration working is a very urgent matter. 


# Overall goals going forward, pretty much time to crunch and get this project done, integration and styling.